Now we are all here with the
first method of bringing of omoa from which
I had promised them a long time ago I had
said that I was going to bring you a method of
work so they could get the
two teams and the players that you
They would like what you would want
have and well let's start with the
methods of work very easy a method
of work that can be done to
anyone who has little money
little money then you put
any major league and put price
max buy 250 the idea of ​​this is
bid by players to 300 maximum before
have to find special players what
can get up finding all there
the players that they like and
buy the arts the silver and
necessarily bought players with
speed with chemistry styles
applied with fast power stations that's what
who likes people but there is
david ospina a very wanted colombian
ruffier here is cheap in a minute and
it's 600 points what you buy 600 we have
after many players 35 the
we buy 300 communities speed 85
very good funk speed and also it
buy a lot but it's giving could not
get we have many players after
also like those of canton those of bera
but what good do not know will also not
they will also be bought as I would like
sell there are two we have one of 300 the
idea of ​​this is always affect others
and never be patient 300 if you do not lose
coins
and it is that the good thing is the people who
buy these special letters are
people who need fast teams and
cheap equipment then buy say
many players to 300 if you get a
team of 2 thousand coins very cheap is the
idea of ​​that is to take advantage of that
people who do not have money and sell them
these players and 100 monedita 650
Moneditas more expensive and good here we have
here a pot with power house style
chemistry a dam that are also very
well and a thorn also sold
a lot and you buy a lot and it's very good
the market falling
we have many there are many who are very
repeated and those are not sold too
how to sell I made the mistake of
buy it so much because it does not sell
also and here committed another error not
question that I need some for
finish the auction I did not record that part
but it is already the people to be
ospina to 450 buy and I thought that we
I was going to sell nor anglo I put 400 into account
he also believes if he asked 450 we have to
no power plant very fast two central
they have 350 and 400 buy now and here
we have another sane other 6 bed and here
we have the results two boys
hours later they were sold all or almost
we all have light and sold 750 of
angelis did not sell 350 very good very
good and the sectional of at least one
tree was sold at 400 very good in my
case the falling was sold at 350 to 50
moneditas to the ticket sold ignoring
300 per taxi sold 400 spines
sold I think it went to 450 if gentlemen 450
that net 400 ospina inspiration I'm very
well I never thought that if I were to sell
it also sold very well very cart
150 coins there and here we have the
caliph that sold 300 and volta quite
don power house
and well here I missed some
sell and I sold them and quick you to 300
then you do not lose any
money do not have any money to
no coins and good boys already
you know subscribe tele like comment that
other methods that how much money they want
do how much how much do you want me to do
because I'm going to do a very long series
not a do and if not many series of
trade methods or for you to
assemble the equipment that is given the
gift won ' in anti rally and good
subscribe if you like it and see you in
the next boys
enjoy it show